[MTP] Add MTP Layers to final checkpoint (#2486)
vllm-project/llm-compressor: README.md

Some of the exciting new features include:

> * **Qwen3.5 Support**: Qwen 3.5 can now be quantized using LLM Compressor main. You will need to update your local transformers version using `uv pip install --upgrade transformers`. Once updated, you should be able to run examples for the [MoE](examples/quantization_w4a4_fp4/qwen3_5_example.py) and [non-MoE](examples/quantization_w4a4_fp4/qwen3_5_example.py) variants of Qwen 3.5 end-to-end. For models quantized and published by the RedHat team, consider the [NVFP4](https://huggingface.co/RedHatAI/Qwen3.5-122B-A10B-NVFP4) and FP8 checkpoints for [122B](https://huggingface.co/RedHatAI/Qwen3.5-122B-A10B-FP8-dynamic) and [397B](https://huggingface.co/RedHatAI/Qwen3.5-397B-A17B-FP8-dynamic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Qwen3.5 Support**: Qwen 3.5 can now be quantized using LLM Compressor. You will need to update your local transformers version using `uv pip install --upgrade transformers` and install LLM Compressor from source if using `<0.11`. Once updated, you should be able to run examples for the [MoE](examples/quantization_w4a4_fp4/qwen3_5_example.py) and [non-MoE](examples/quantization_w4a4_fp4/qwen3_5_example.py) variants of Qwen 3.5 end-to-end. For models quantized and published by the RedHat team, consider using the [NVFP4](https://huggingface.co/RedHatAI/Qwen3.5-122B-A10B-NVFP4) and FP8 checkpoints for [Qwen3.5-122B](https://huggingface.co/RedHatAI/Qwen3.5-122B-A10B-FP8-dynamic) and [Qwen3.5-397B](https://huggingface.co/RedHatAI/Qwen3.5-397B-A17B-FP8-dynamic).
```
